Hey guys welcome back.
So last time we started work on this tax story here and we see how it looking like this a moment because
we don't have a style applied to it.
So that's what we do in this valeria's is style.
So it looks like this in the end and there is a whole lot of style to do you suspect elements.
You can see what we're actually dealing with.
And we'll start with this logon text content right here which is the container around all of this text
here and running it had two lies.
This all we do is just drop padding as forty five pixels.
And of course feel free to play around these values as you like and we should say display table cell
like that and that just makes it behave like a table cell element which is you know TDR like that.
I by that much more now because we'll use it later on in the Course area become a lot clearer to you
then.
So for now just put those two there in logon text out an ad like this.
So copy paste has two lines of code.
Go back to a S file.
So I need to open it.
So YES YES YES YES YES.
Scroll down.
And would it get to an I.D. the log in text like and just pesos two lines in there case over.
Then we add some style to these headed tags right here.
So at age one I mean this is that green one we're going to say cola which is the text colour.
And I know what colour this is I've written down here so just copy along.
3 1 0 7 d.
1 5 9.
Like that.
You see it turns to that green colour.
Of course if you look now you can play around with any of these colours you like.
But that's the code we use as the Spotify screen.
Next one is a font size 60 pixels like that.
And then which can make it bold by saying font weight bold like that.
Okay.
Obviously you can play around with these rallies as you like.
So that's fine.
Copy those three lines go back to here underneath there just do the same again.
Log in log in sext and then do a one.
So the 81 one that falls in the log in text Outman.
They say that and he has a copy and paste a line below and changes to h to get rid of these three lines
of code.
These were only those Yeah during the H to.
And I go out here and show you.
So I click on age 2 and we give this a margin so margins go to be thirty five pixels and zero.
Okay.
So what that means is thirty pictures on top and bottom and nothing on the left and right.
So if I hover over you can see the margin there.
Okay.
That's it.
So copy that paste that into there.
And we are done with that save it and then we're going to do the an ordered list element the element.
And this is you have one thing as Mission B padding zero.
So no padding on that.
And that that's it.
So scroll back to here.
Log in.
Text you all like that so that you L. That falls in a log in text elliman paddings 0 and then the last
one to do is just d list item elements the allies.
So click on one of those.
And they're going to say font size.
And I can play around of these values chagny 14 bressant Opened Alferez to find a value.
I like it see I used here.
So it's kind of I think a little bit bigger as do 20 pixels list style type like this and you see if
I scroll down to read through this you can see the bullet point changing in this would be the actual
bullet point that it would use.
So we're just going to say no no we don't need any of those.
See if it makes this disappear.
And then finally just give us some padding.
And then you're used here.
So we are a bit of space between them.
Padding.
Just say no 10 pixels will like maybe 15.
I'll leave it time for now and come back and change.
I actually want to buy anyway copy and paste that in to log in text L..
I like that paste in there and say it and I refresh the page now and should see all this style applied
still.
So the other thing we haven't done is actually give these the check marks that you see right here.
And the reason we haven't done that right now is because in the next video we show you where I get those
I come from and how you can do that.